[Man]
Ten years ago, a crack commando unit
was sent to prison by a military court...
for a crime they didn"t commit.
These men promptly escaped
from a maximum-security stockade
to the Los Angeles underground.
Today, still wanted by the government,
they survive as soldiers of fortune.
If you have a problem,
if no one else can help,
and if you can find them...
maybe you can hire... the A-Team.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[Coughing]
[Siren Wails, Stops]
[Siren Chirping]
[Police Radio Chatter,
Low, Indistinct]
- You know how tough it is
to prosecute a cop?
- Cops?
You're not cops. You're killers.
You're murderers killing for money.
I think you'd better
forget that appointment
tomorrow morning with Chief Metcalf.
Hey, Maloney, you"re gonna
pension off in three months.
Don't go out in a tailspin of speculation
and accusations about your fellow officers.
If you thought all I had were accusations,
we wouldn't be standing out here...
talking in the night air,
now, would we?
We're the police.
We protect and we serve.
Anything happened to us,
and who knows what'd happen...
to all those nice,
innocent people out there...
including your wife
and your daughter.
That"s a real rough neighbourhood
by the university downtown.
You wouldn"t want anything to happen...
to a cute little item like that,
now, would you?
Better just forget about that appointment
with the chief tomorrow morning.
But if you don't,
we'll find out about it...
because after all, we're all
on the same team, aren't we?
Goodnight, Maloney.
Let's go.
[Coughing]
- Mick, give me a beer, will ya, please?
- Ed.
My, my. It looks like the problems
of all time are weighin' you down.
Sounds like you haven't
been takin' care of yourself.
[Ed] Will you save the conversation
for the customers who need the analysis
and just give me a beer, huh, please?
Sure. Sure. Your wife called twice
lookin" for ya.
- You gonna be needing some change
for the phone?
- No.
Oh, my. Not you again.
Oh, come on, Mick.
- You can spare a brew for old Kid Shaleen.
- I thought I sent you home an hour ago.
Did I tell you about the time
I knocked down Floyd Patterson?
- Yes, you did, Kid.
- It was in the third...
and he threw his great right hand,
and I saw it, but I ducked.
And I pumped him.
And up I came and down he went.
Did you see that fight?
Of course, he knocked me out.
But Patterson was a great champion,
and I knocked him down.
It must have been a great fight.
Hey, Mick, give him a beer, will ya?
When I was young,
I had all the moves.
Didn't we all, champ?
Didn't we all? [Chuckles]
- Come on.
- Hey, what are you doin'?
I'm Hannibal Smith.
You wanna hire the A-Team?
- The A-Team? Yeah.
- Come on.
Sorry to work things like this, Inspector,
but I'm sure you understand.
You know, I all but gave up on you guys.
I went down to the Long Beach Pier
the other night, like Mr Lee said.
I waited and I waited,
and all I got was a cold. I thought
maybe you didn"t want this job.
- Hey, man, we don't work for no police.
- Then what is this?
What are we doin' here?
Let's say you intrigued us enough
to want to find out if this
is some kind of trap...
if you"re working in conjunction
with the military police.
You think anyone would make up the kind
of story that I told you if they were
trying to trap someone?
Who"d believe there"s a SWA Tteam
out there who are murderers for hire?
It is a crazy story.
That's why we're talkin' to ya.
They were roped in by the leader,
Captain Stark. He managed to
get something big on each one of them.
Then he pulled "em together
and had "em all transferred
to his command.
Now, his SWAT officers, they have
one of the hottest records on the force...
but I know of at least seven killings
they're responsible for while off duty.
Look at this.
They warned me tonight
they'd hurt my wife and daughter...
if I went to Chief Metcalf
with this, but I don"t have any proof
and the chief would never believe me.
- I don't think anyone would believe you.
- It's gotta be some kind of trap, Hannibal.
- This guy"s a cop.
- Now, I been standin" in alleys.
I met your guy at the Chinese laundry.
You pulled me in here,
and for what? Here. Take that.
I brought my money
like the Chinese guy said. And you're right.
I am a cop. And I'm a good cop.
And if I weren"t up against the wall
and knew you guys were wanted...
I would bust your butts
in a flat second.
You know why? Because it's my job.
And so is nailin' those animals.
$ 14,602.
That"s right. That"s all I got.
There"s a bankbook in there
that"ll show you that that"s the truth...
so, uh, what you see there
is every dime that Edward Maloney has.
Now, uh, if you want the job,
you take it.
If you don't, then goodbye and good luck,
and I'll see the chief in the morning.
Without proof, it's your word
against four other officers'.
- And what about your family?
- I'll do what I have to.
I'll take care of them.
I've been a cop too long
to let this one go by.
There are 8,000 good guys
on the force in this town...
and I'm not gonna let one crud
like Stark muck it up for the rest of'em.
We"re not killers.
What do you expect us to do, Maloney?
l"m not hiring you to murder them.
Look, if you could get them to confess,
maybejust one of them...
You've gotta stop them.
You've got to.
We'll call you.
That Maloney's
one tough dude, ain't he?
I tell you, Hannibal...
these photos of his wife and daughter?
Judging by the distance of photographer
to victim, perfect target range.
- Any number of isolated areas with
easy escape. These guys are not slouches.
- [Car Door Opens, Closes]
- Neither are we.
- [Engine Starts]
Well, we're off
the bricks again.
- Workin' for the police?
- Now, B.A., just because
we got a little problem with the law...
doesn't mean you gotta
have a bad attitude.
- Not all cops are like Lynch and his M.P.s.
- That's true.
You know, when I was a kid,
I always wanted to be a policeman.
- Did you know that?
- No.
I remember, in the orphanage,
I had a whole scrapbook...
of Dick Tracy
and his Crimestopper texts.
- Really?
- Oh, yeah. My favourite TV show
was Dragnet.
Learned most of my cons
from watching episodes
about bunco artists.
All right, Hannibal, how do we
shut these guys down? I mean,
these guys are SWAT-trained...
in special weapons
and tactics.
- That's our bag. It's gonna be
like going up against ourselves.
- Exciting, isn't it?
- Are you still tinkering
with miniaturized electronics?
- Yeah.
Then I have a plan.
- You, uh, got the kit from B.A.?
- Yep. I got it right here.
- I can't believe this thing is gonna work.
- Sure, it's gonna work.
- Everybody hates roaches.
Put 'em in your pocket.
- In my pocket?
- Right.
- [Groans]
Let's go.
[Sighs]
- We don't have any cockroaches
in our clothes.
- The custodian's puttin' me through hell...
throwing my schedule around...
told me I had to get down here
this morning...
before it gets any more out of hand
than it already is.
- Well, I haven't seen a one. Oh,
it must've been Louie who called you.
- Yeah. Louie.
Yeah, but he doesn't
come in for an hour...
and I don't have authorization
to let you do this.
Hey, think I wanna
be up at this hour?
But, Louie, he said I had to be in and out
before your shift change.
What the heck. We get paid
for service calls anyway, you know,
so, uh, we"re out of here.
If I could just get
your John Hancock, huh, Sergeant?
Wouldn't want Louie
to think we didn't show up.
- Sorry. No pen.
- [Gasps]
- Where the hell did that come from?
- Lookie there. Oh, yeah,
yeah, yeah. Oh! Oh!
Why, you little devil.
Yeah, looks
like a breeding red.
- Probably comes out of the baseboards.
- Look at them!
- l"ve never seen"em before!
- [Face] Bad they"re runnin"around
in the open like this.
That means there's
no more crawl space inside the walls.
They probably laid all their eggs
in there, need a little more room,
little buggers.
Yeah, that's when they usually wind up
lookin' for anyplace else around
where it's cool and dark.
- Yeah, like lockers.
- Oh, tell the guys to shake out
their clothes before they put 'em on.
Yeah. Oh, and check inside the caps.
These are germ carriers.
Say, you know, we got that other call
we could make over on Gower.
- Oh, Hip Bagel.
Yeah, they're open by 9.00.
- Just a minute here. Uh...
- Okay. Uh, we called you...
- Yeah.
You're gonna charge us.
So, uh, why don't you just
spray that thing or something?
But I got roll call in 20 minutes,
so I expect you out of here in 15.
- No prob. Great new stuff.
Only the bugs'll smell it. Huh?
- All right.
[Groans]
How can Hannibal stand those things?
- You got the kit out?
- Yeah.
Replace the button on the collar
with the one from the kit.
- Bringing me along to sew...
how wonderfully sexist.
- Well, we each do what we have to do.
If you think you can pick these three locks
in 10 minutes, then, uh...
Collins! Hey, Collins!
[Approaching Footsteps]
- Someone's coming.
- I'm almost done.
Hey, Cap"n, wait up.
What"s your hurry?
This one's not as good
as the other one.
Don't worry about it.
- Aw, gee, guys.
- What? Are you nuts?
- I'm sorry, man. You know...
- What the hell are you doin'
with that thing?
- Well, l... [Stuttering]
- You're supposed to be killing bugs
or something, aren't you?
Yeah, roaches
and the like, yeah.
[Face]
Come on, kid. This one's a wrap.
Yeah.
- See that game last night?
- Oh, yeah.
- Lakers really did it to 'em, didn't they?
- Yeah.
- [Stark Over Machine] In that first half,
man, I thought they were gone.
- [Officer Chuckles] Magic.
- He really pulls 'em out, doesn't he?
- Yeah.
[Officer]
Did you see those moves?
B.A.'s mini microphones are
comin' in better than an F.M. station.
As long as we stay within a mile radius,
the reception'll be great.
Stark and Meadows
are into any and all sports,
and Collins is into anything with a skirt.
Incredible case of the hots.
And Stark hangs out with some chick
named Bonnie Webb.
- I'll get the address and phone number.
- I'll drop you at the paper on my way
to dump the exterminator truck.
We need all the backup
we can get. Swing by the V.A. hospital
and pick up Murdock.
Murdock? Why do we need that crazy fool?
We ain't flyin'.
Now, no one said anything
about flying.
No one said anything about tuberculosis.
There was nothing on the chart.
- Surely we'd have noticed.
- It showed up on his biannual.
With something as infectious
and contagious as this, we run the risk
of a full-out epidemic.
Yeah. Uh...
[Video Game: Weapons Firing]
- Hi, Murdock.
- Oh, man. I was practically
through the meteor shower.
Time to go bye-bye.
The magic word is tuberculosis.
[Shallow Cough]
[Heavier Cough]
- [Throaty Cough]
- Yeah.
- [Wheezing, Choking Cough]
- Good Lord! Mr Murdock!
I don't remember him
being like this.
It must have been incubating
all this time. Good thing his tests
showed us the infestation this early.
- [Coughs]
- I gotta get him right down
to County General into quarantine.
- County General?
- I'd like a complete list of all patients
whom Murdock has been in contact with.
- [Coughing Continues]
- He spends most of his time by himself.
[Southern Accent]
And with my doggy, Billy.
What about my dog, Nurse?
- He's been in that same position
for a month.
- This man has a dog?
Uh, no, you see,
there is no dog.
Oh, no! He's gone! It's too late, Doc!
[Throaty Cough]
Oh, look. I don't know
if I should release him.
- Mr Murdock is under care.
- Nurse, if you wanna take responsibility
for contaminating this entire ward...
maybe the entire wing, perhaps
the entire hospital, then by all means...
I'll leave the patient here with you,
but unless you have proper
quarantine facilities available...
- No, no, no. It's just that...
- [Strangled Cough]
- Ohh.
- Thank you.
Oh, and if this man
has been eating in the cafeteria...
I want the dietitian's staff to be given
full examinations and, if necessary, shots.
- Hopefully this thing can be contained.
- My dog, Billy, Doc.
Tell me he's gonna make it.
- Feel better, Mr Murdock.
- [Wheezing Cough]
[Officer] I really have to
off this laundry guy?
I mean, eight grand
is only 2,000 apiece.
Listen to Rockefeller.
Two thousand is all we each
make in a month.
How many more of these
we gonna go for? I mean,
I don't know about the rest of you guys...
but I got
a nice little stash.
Got the cabin up by the lake.
I'm just lookin' to take it easy.
We just got into this
to make a couple of extra bucks. All right?
- A little extra dough.
- I got it. I just wanna have a good time.
- Why push it?
- Because maybe the rest of us aren't
as easy to please as you are, Collins.
We're gonna make this hit,
and of course, as you know,
until we all back out, we're all in.
- Yeah, I know. I know.
I was just, you know, well...
- Zip it!
- Just get over to Whitsett Street
and dust that laundry guy, Delgado.
- Eight grand to blow away your brother...
so you can take over
the stinkin' laundry.
It's set, B.A. The guys should be here
in a couple of minutes.
I want this set up just like it was
with the stewardess last month.
Take Meadows with you,
but you get this Delgado.
Okay already.
[Sighs]
Come on, Meadows.
- [Door Opening]
- Hey, guys. Long time, no see.
- Not long enough.
- Be nice. [Coughs] I've been ill.
- Hey, what's happenin'?
- We got one goin' down.
- They got a hit set up in half an hour.
Whitsett and Arroyo.
- Half an hour?
- That doesn't even
give us time to pitch our tents.
- Depends upon how fast B.A. gets us there.
What are we gonna do?
Even if we catch them in the act,
we can"t make a citizen"s arrest.
Four guys wanted by the military
aren't gonna have much credibility
in court.
All I'm worried about now is cuttin' 'em off
at the pass. Besides, I'll think of something.
- Señor Delgado?
- Sí. ¿ Qué pasa?
- Do you speak English?
- Sí. Yes. What is it? What's going on?
I'm Captain Roy McEvedy.
Lieutenant Harv Esterhaus
and Sergeant Smith.
Move it, Sergeant.
We're with the armed robbery task force.
We're trying to crack a ring
that's working this area.
- I have heard nothing about any ring.
- We've kept it under wraps, sir.
We didn't want the perpetrators
to find out how far along we were
in the investigation.
They got two good approaches,
but the fastest escape route
is heading east on Fullerton.
They'll probably work it from the rooftop,
either over the movie theatre
or the brownstone on the corner.
- What does that have to do with me?
- One of our sources tells us they're gonna
hit your shop this morning.
They are? Bueno. Bueno.
Let them come.
Señor Delgado,
you're a brave man.
We need more citizens like you.
Now, we need your help.
Okay. He's there now.
Don't know why he's so late today.
[Meadows Over Walkie-Talkie]
Do it before the street gets crowded.
Hold it!
You're a heck of an actor,
Hannibal. For a minute there, I thought
that bulletproof vest didn't work.
- Who are you guys?
- You're shut down.
Take that back to Stark.
You"re all measured
for body bags.
[Cackles]
Who were those guys?
- [Stark] Who do you think they were?
- [Officer] Cops maybe.
[Collins] No, no. No way.
They didn't act like cops.
They're pros, Captain,
and they nailed us dead bang.
They had us outnumbered. I told you
we were pushin' it tryin' this last one.
- Sooner or later,
somebody had to find out.
- It had to be Maloney.
- We should"ve dusted him.
- And what if he had our names
on some papers stashed around?
So, instead of going to the chief,
he hires the seven samurai.
Yeah, but how did they
find out about the Delgado hit?
- There's no way they could've
figured that one out. There's no way.
- They had an ear on us.
A bug? You think
they had us bugged?
Had to.
I don't want any more talk
in the room at headquarters...
until we"ve had a chance
to sweep for those mikes, understand?
But who in the hell
were those guys?
It makes me nervous
to think we might've been bugged.
- [Stark Continues Speaking
Over Recorder]
- Now we"ve primed the pump...
let's see if we can
get it to blow a cylinder.
- Man, I don't know why you had to go
and send them that warnin', Hannibal.
- B.A., that is what is called style.
I call it dumb.
You don't go and kick the snake
you tryin' to sneak up on.
- Part of my plan.
- Plan? I didn't hear anything
about any plan.
- I must be fadin' in and out again.
- If you have a plan, Hannibal,
perhaps you'd care to share it with us.
These guys gotta
have an Achilles' heel.
We'll just keep pushing them
and pushing them and pushing them
until we find their weak link.
It's the same plan we nailed that
Cong general with outside Khe San.
- Ah, you mean where I took it in the leg?
- Where I got shot down?
- That was a terrible plan.
- Now we got all the kinks worked out of it.
Listen.
Excuse me. Captain Stark,
there's a phone call for you.
I left word with the
watch commander where we'd be.
Get ready. We might be rolling.
- Thanks, Nancy.
- Mm-hmm.
- How you doin', cutie? How's everything?
- Fine. Anything else you would like here?
Everything I'd like, you got.
Ooh, she's mine, all mine.
I can tell.
[Chuckles]
- Stark.
- Hey, Cap'n, your Stevie boy is right.
We are pros,
and you guys are scuzzballs.
- I don't know who or what you are,
buddy, but you're talkin' to a cop.
- Really?
None of the cops I know sit around
over their coffee discussing a murder
they attempted that morning.
- Nice, huh?
- [Stark] Let's get out of here.
The booth is bugged.
How can they be buggin' us
in here? This is a coffee shop.
We do always take one of the back booths
when we come here. There's just
no telling how big their operation is.
These guys know exactly what kind
of a game they're playing.
What we gotta do...
is get on the board
and turn this thing around.
I'll, uh... I'll be at Bonnie's,
just in case any of'em contact you, okay?
- Okay.
- Who are these guys, man?
I think you know what I want:
something tasteful.
- Something with red roses in it?
- I like that.
[Affected English Accent] Ah, the rose.
The rose is a flower of passion which can be
fully appreciated for its...
Murdock, just go.
You should take care
and watch your attitude when speaking
to people with fragile psyches.
What"s more, you give the impression
that your attitude is singularly
and pointedly directed at an individual...
when, in fact, you're just one mean,
angry sucker to everybody.
- Get!
- Gone!
Really, B.A., you shouldn't
talk to Murdock like that.
- You're gonna drive him nuts.
- [Grunts]
[Woman] Robert, I have never seen you
this tense. Something at work?
- Yeah, something at work.
- [Knocking]
- You expecting somebody?
- No. Not really.
- Who is it?
- [Murdock] Florist.
Flowers? Well,
I hope they're from you...
or I'm going to have
some awkward explaining to do.
Yes, you are.
[Indeterminate European Accent]
# Did you ever see a hearse go by #
# And think that someday
you'd surely die #
# They put you in a little box
and cover you over with dirt and rocks #
How am I doin'?
- Who sent you here?
- Hey, wait, man. Look,
I'm just a driver, you know what I mean?
I'm not even supposed to sing, but Chiquita
Banana got hung up at Valley Presbyterian.
- Get out of here.
- What about the song?
- You got two more verses comin'.
- Out!
[Snapping Fingers]
Hey, take it easy. It was probably
just a mix-up at the flower shop.
- It was just a mistake that someone made.
- It sure was, baby.
But it was a big one.
Come on, now. Relax.
You've been real on edge.
[Kissing]
You know, you haven"t
told me that you love me in days.
- [Giggles]
- No, no.
- You wouldn't, Hannibal.
Not now. Yes, you would.
- [Giggling Continues]
- What's up?
- He's on the jazz, man. He's on the jazz.
- [Line Ringing]
- [Woman Continues Giggling]
- [Stark] Answer the phone.
- Forget it.
- [Stark] I said answer it. Go on.
- [Woman Groans]
- Yes?
- [Hannibal] Hello? Bonnie?
- Is Captain Stark there?
Yes, he's here.
- Stark.
- Captain, I hope I haven't pulled you
away from anything important.
How long you wanna play this game?
How long you gonna hide
behind this receiver, mister?
I wanna meet with you...
tonight, you and me.
You got a favourite place?
Maybe where you bury the bodies
or something?
Indian Dunes.
Four miles from the exit. 11.00.
You got it. Oh, and Cap'n...
if you wouldn't mind me
giving you just a little advice...
it's important to tell 'em
you love 'em every couple of days.
[Line Clicks Off]
Stark just contacted the last
of the others. He made the call
from a phone booth on the street.
I didn't think we'd get away
with those buttons as long as we have.
They'll find out about 'em sooner or later.
When they do, our advantage is over.
- I been disadvantaged all my life.
You get used to it.
- All ready.
- Gonna work, B.A.?
- My part of the plan always works.
See you later, kiddo.
Collins, you take that ridge up there,
the one we used last time. Donny,
that slope over there.
Cover it well. I don't
want anybody coming in
on our backside, all right?
- Now, remember: This is it.
- [Sniffs]
When we determine how many they are,
Meadows gives a signal, then it goes down.
Don't worry. When
we drive away from here,
those slimeballs are dead.
Turn to channel 38,
tack two.
- [Over Walkie-Talkie] I'm here.
- Wanna step out and have a little talk?
Oh, sure. Have you
crank off a couple of rounds
into my duffel bag?
- You first.
- Ready or not, here I come.
Wait a minute, Hannibal.
What if they got a surprise?
- You can't go out there.
- [Rifle Cocks]
Come on, Stark.
Show some moxie.
He's on the jazz.
You been jerkin' my chain
for two days now.
- Just what is it you're after?
- It's simple. I'm giving you a chance to live.
Tomorrow morning, you four march into
your chief"s office and give yourself up...
- for all the murders
you've been paid to commit.
- [Chuckles]
You think a couple
of phone calls...
a wreath of flowers,
and I'm gonna send myself up for life?
It's either that or the death penalty, Stark.
And I've already passed that.
Tonight"s your last reprieve.
I've passed a few sentences
myself, my friend.
Well, if you like, why don't you
have Meadows ring up your sentry...
see if they've found anything nice
out here in the night air.
Collins, show this gonzo
we mean business.
[Gunfire]
- [Groaning]
- Pulls a little to the left.
Your captain almost lost
a, uh, vital piece of equipment.
Donny. Donny, you there?
Come in.
## [Pop Instrumental
Plays On Walkie-Talkie]
## [Stops]
This is Mean, Musical,
Howling Mad Dog...
coming to you
from high atop Indian Dunes.
- You're good.
- [Hannibal] And you guys are finished.
Tomorrow morning...
the resignations and the confessions,
or you're all dead men.
- Ready?
- Yeah.
[Hannibal]
Hit it.
And that, my friends,
is how they did it.
They had us
every damned inch of the way.
- Nothin' else, Captain?
- They didn't need anything else.
We were wondering...
how in the hell they're bugging everywhere
we go before we get there, and we're
carrying the mikes right along with us.
- That doesn't change our situation.
- The hell it doesn't.
What about this threat
they made? They said we had
until today to turn ourselves in.
You think I'm gonna sign a piece of paper
saying I'm a multiple murderer?
- You think I'm gonna let
any of you guys do that?
- They said they were gonna kill us.
- And it's not as though
they haven't had a chance.
- These guys aren't gonna kill anybody.
They're not magicians.
They're only as good as their G-2.
Right now, they're cut off.
Right now,
I make my move.
We're off-line, Hannibal.
All four mikes are dead.
- [Hannibal] Looks like they found 'em.
- Great. That means we've lost the edge.
Up against guys like these,
that doesn't make me feel too good.
Shut up, Murdock!
Shut up!
I told you
this plan stinks.
That old snake
could get led into an inferno
by a nice set of legs.
[Motorcycle Engine
Starts, Revs]
- [Talking, Indistinct]
- You like that, don't you?
- [Shutter Clicks]
- [Gun Cocks]
You better know right now
I'm a cop.
- I could debate that statement.
- Say "cheese."
- What is this?
- Well, don't you recognize your
hill-climbing buddies from last night?
But... Oh, yeah. Hey.
Oh, yeah. Hey.
We've been talking
about that all morning, about
signing that confession and everything.
Yeah. I'd sign that thing
in a hot second. Meadows would too,
but Stark... It's him, you know.
Yeah, I figured as a group,
you might hesitate, so I decided
we need one of you to fink.
- [Camera Shutter Clicks]
- Huh?
Guess who
pulled the short straw?
- What are you talkin' about?
- You're gonna turn state's evidence
on your friends.
Stark'd kill me
if I tried anything.
Stark"ll kill you anyway once
I send him these photographs of you
and us sitting here nice and cosy...
chatting about which guys
you did or did not kill.
It's just one cop's word
against another. There's no evidence
against us to convict us.
What about the murder weapons?
I mean, ballistics are great in a courtroom.
What? Do you think
we're ding-dongs? We get the weapons
from the evidence room...
and then when we're done,
we put 'em back.
And since they're impounded
and tagged before we do our jobs,
there's no way to check 'em.
Well, that means they're still there.
That means you can get 'em.
- That's not so easy.
- You can get 'em!
Yeah, we can... I can get 'em, but, uh,
I could also go to the gas chamber.
True.
But if I send these pics...
over to Stark right now,
they'd be throwing dirt
on your box by midnight.
You got me bumpin' off the walls
no matter what way I spin.
If you turn state's evidence,
you could get a reduced sentence...
and from where l"m standing,
that should look mighty cushy.
You'll get the guns
and give 'em to Inspector Maloney.
You'll, uh,
also give him a signed confession...
describing what you and your buddies
have been doing off hours, won't ya?
- Yeah. Oh, yeah.
I'll get 'em and, uh, meet you.
- Good.
[Hannibal Over Recorder]
I'll have Maloney at the Oceanside
Amusement Park at 3.00 this afternoon.
Collins, you wimp,
I knew you'd go belly-up.
Planting that bug on Collins
was a smart move, Captain.
Well, never let it be said
that I don't learn by example, Meadows.
Two hours, Oceanside Amusement Park.
Maloney'll be there too.
Only this time, the surprise is going
to be on our side. They're never gonna
know what hit 'em. Let's go.
[Face]
Oh, Collins!
Got 'em by the ring toss.
They're heading over
toward the merry-go-round.
I got 'em.
And there's another one.
Shaeffer, flank 'em
on the right.
B.A., hang on to this.
It's Amy's exclusive.
- Where's Maloney?
- Well, we're showing you.
- Position?
- Position.
Position.
So long, Collins.
What the...
Pow!
"You have the right to remain silent.
If you give up the right to remain silent...
anything you say can
and will be used against you."
[Low Mechanical Whirring]
[Hannibal Grunting]
Who are you guys?
[Dispatcher] Notified military police
that suspects John Smith, Bosco Baracus
and Templeton Peck...
have been spotted at a cocktail lounge
at Fifth and Broadway in Los Angeles.
- How's the cold, Inspector?
Feelin' any better?
- Ohh. Feelin' better?
Are you kiddin'?
I'm a hero downtown.
- Even though you busted your fellow cops?
- Look, the P.D. is made up of the best.
They don't like wires burning
in their own house. Cancers like this
are few, and that's how we like it.
Really. I wanna thank you guys,
Miss Allen...
for getting my name
put in the paper.
- I don't deserve it. You caught them.
- Only if...
That"s not true, Inspector.
If you hadn"t had the strength
to ignore their threats...
and to go around a system
you respect, Stark and his men
would have never been caught.
Which brings us to this.
Wait a minute.
What is this?
- I put the money
in your name. We had a deal.
- Read 'em the score, Face.
Right.
Four mini mikes: $ 1,500.
Four hot lights: $200.
The bug van rental,
purchase of fire extinguishers,
overall patches... that"s 400.
Floral display: 75. Oh, and we're billing this
at $300 a day per man...
which is below the going rate, but that"s
the way Hannibal wanted it on this one.
Ah. We"re throwing in make-up,
film, incidentals. Call it $3,680.
We deducted it.
You keep the rest of your savings,
Inspector.
- Looks like I found a bargain.
- Well, all things considered,
it was kind of fun.
Hey, Hannibal, you were right.
Lynch"s men spotted us, and they"re
comin"up the street!
- [All Groaning]
- Hey, wait a minute. Aren't you gonna
have a celebration drink with me?
- Oh, I'm sure Miss Allen...
- Yeah, but I'm gonna...
No, no. You can't be spotted with us;
you'll get burned.
- Look. I wish I had the words to...
- Book 'em, Danno... Murder One.
[Sirens Wailing]
Why do they do it?
[Chuckles Softly]
For the jazz, man.
For the jazz.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org